Adding support for snowflake dynamic tables to SqlAlchemy Core (#531)
snowflakedb/snowflake-sqlalchemy: DESCRIPTION.md

# Release Notes

> - v1.6.3(October 2, 2024)
> 
>   - Add support for dynamic tables and required options
> 
> - 1.6.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Unreleased)

  - Add support for dynamic tables and required options
  - Fixed SAWarning when registering functions with existing name in default namespace
```
